This is how to switch from VEXCode to PROS
First time only {

    1. Install PROS VSCode Extension (Sidebar -> Extensions)
    2. During installation, click download when prompted
         to download extra utilities. The prompt is where
         the "building" notifications show up in VEXCode.
    3. Save & Close the VEXcode project
    4. Open Source control (Sidebar -> third option)
    5. Click "Clone Repository"
    6. Find 4478B-PROS and clone it to some place memorable
        (in same parent folder as 4478B VEXCode)
        -> if "bad credentials" shows up, try generating a PAT
            in Github and then when cloning the repository put in
            "https://{YOUR_PAT}@github.com/4478B/4478B-PROS.git"

}

1. Close VEXCode repository and open up PROS repository
2. Disable "Vex Robotics" and "Vex Robotics Feedback" Extensions
    (Sidebar -> Extensions)
3. Make sure "PROS" and "clangd" are enabled
4. You'll hopefully get a notification when coding/building that says
    "You're using both clangd and Intellisense. Disable Intellisense?"
    Make sure you disable it as clangd is pros's Intellisense replacement.
5. To build and upload, hit the Pros logo in the top right
    To upload to a different slot, you have to use the terminal
    (Terminal -> New Terminal, on right you should see "PROS Terminal")
    First, build from the PROS extension page. Then, type into the terminal
    "pros upload --slot X" where X is the slot you wanna download to.
6. To use the auton route generator, go to path.jerryio.com and go to
    File -> Open File and then locate the 4478B-PROS directory and you
    should find all the routes saved in the "static" folder there.
    That is where you should save future routes too. usage on how to
    use these routes is in the Lemlib API


Notes:
    C++ - Coding Language
    -PROS - VEX Communication Manager
    --LemLib - 3rd party movement manager (odom, moveToPose, etc.)

    If you can't figure out the syntax, look for the relevant APIs
    or look online on stack overflow, vex forums, or LLMS

    To go back to VEXCode do the same process but in reverse 
    (Disable PROS, clangd, reenable Intellisense, enable VEX Robotics)